1. WAP to craete ATM where customer enter our details ,pin and withdrawal cash or deposit cash.. In this program you have to use encapculation for hinding user details and inheritance,polymorphism and interface.
2. Write a program to accept basic details name , Phone No , Address , user Id and password from the user . throw an exception if the user Id lenght is greater than 8 and password is not matched and should only contain the string value. Password rules: A password must have at least eight characters. A password consists of only letters and digits. A password must contain at least two digits.
3. Program to input age from user and throw user-defined exception if entered age is negative In this program, we have created an exception class AgeException which extends the built-in Exception class. In main method, we read the input from user using Scanner after that we check the age in try block. If it is less than 18 then it will throw an exception other it will display message "Valid age".
4. Write a program to accept User ID and password checks if the password is valid or not based on password policies mention below:(Using exception Handling) Password should not contain any space. Password should contain at least one digit(0-9). Password length should be between 8 to 15 characters. Password should contain at least one lowercase letter(a-z). Password should contain at least one uppercase letter(A-Z). Password should contain at least one special character ( @, #, %, &, !, $, etc….).
